---
layout: post
title:  "Talk.CSS #23 Party Edition 🎉"
date:   2017-10-26 19:00:00 +0800
location: Autodesk Asia
event-date: 2017-11-29 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
event-id: 244532281
---
Talk.CSS is 2 years old! <span class="emoji" role="img" tabindex="0" aria-label="person dancing">&#x1F483;</span> We made it to the terrible twos without missing a month, and it wouldn't have been possible without all your support. We cannot say enough to express how appreciative we are of all you kind folks who show up for our little meetup every month.

As with most birthday celebrations, there will be cake <span class="emoji" role="img" tabindex="0" aria-label="birthday cake">&#x1F382;</span>! Courtesy of Chris and his wonderful wife, [Sarah](https://twitter.com/sazzarj), who is officially friend-for-life <span class="emoji" role="img" tabindex="0" aria-label="red heart">&#x2764;&#xFE0F;</span> of Talk.CSS. So come join this tiny milestone event and nerd out on CSS with us!

We'll be at Autodesk Asia. [Here's a map](https://www.google.com.sg/maps/place/Autodesk+Singapore+Research+%26+Development+Centre/@1.2981512,103.7901703,15z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x12b2e47347949a7a!8m2!3d1.2981512!4d103.7901703) so you don't get lost, nearest MRT is One North.

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**CSS-ing the Super Silly Hackathon website** by **Lim Chee Aun**  
What do you mean simi si Super Silly Hackathon?! It's only the most awesome hackathon in the world, organised by the most awesome people on the planet! [Tickets are available now](https://supersillyhackathon.sg/). Anyway, Chee Aun built [the site](https://supersillyhackathon.sg/) with some cool CSS which he will share with us.

**CSS Panel Time: 2017 wrap-up edition** by **The Usual Suspects**  
It's that time of the year again. That time when Chris and Hui Jing are unable to find enough speakers and so have chosen to play the *Let's-do-a-panel-thingy* card. Besides, it's our second birthday, some introspection seemed apt.

**The CSS doctor is in**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.

Lightning talks welcome, just poke Chris or Huijing when you get there. We welcome any CSS-related topics at ANY level because we’re all here to learn and share :)
