---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #28"
date: 2018-05-13 19:00:00 +0800
location: WeWork Beach Centre
event-date: 2018-05-30 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
event-id: 248393588
meetup: 28
novideos: true
news: May 2018
---
How long with this spate of efficiency last? We have a location already? Unbelievable. Talk.CSS #28 will be happening on Wednesday, 30 May. We'll be hosted by [WeWork Beach Centre](https://www.wework.com/buildings/beach-centre--singapore), here's [a map](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//15+Beach+Rd,+WeWork+Beach+Centre,+Singapore+189677/@1.2958737,103.8533462,17z/data=!4m16!1m6!3m5!1s0x31da19a59cfc8f55:0x9ea50cd7a3ccd504!2sWeWork+Beach+Centre!8m2!3d1.2958683!4d103.8555349!4m8!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x31da19a59cfc8f55:0x9ea50cd7a3ccd504!2m2!1d103.8555349!2d1.2958683!3e2) so you don't get lost. Now, we just need a couple of speakers...

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**How to CSS with confidence** by **Ken Chua**  
CSS getting you down? Anxious about refactoring your codebase because you might break a thousand things? Well, we can't guarantee that won't happen BUT Ken has some tips that might help you sleep better at night.

**Something about CSS architecture** by **Olivia Ng**  
CSS architecture is a topic that will always be relevant, because despite general best practices, how you architect your code will still vary based on the nature of what you're building. So come hear Olivia's take on it this month.

**How I learned to stop worrying and love CSS** by **Zaydek Michels-Gualtieri**  
Lightning talk by our special guest, Zaydek on how to make sense of web design.

**The CSS doctor is in**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.

Lightning talks welcome, just poke Chris or Hui Jing when you get there. We welcome any CSS-related topics at ANY level because we’re all here to learn and share :)
