---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #37"
date: 2019-02-28 19:00:00 +0800
location: Shopee SG
event-date: 2019-03-27 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
event-id: 259235986
meetup: 37
novideos: true
---
Time flies when you're over 30. Our March edition is rolling around again in the blink of an eye. This time, we will be heading west of Singapore to the Shopee office. Here's [a map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shopee+SG/@1.291278,103.7846628,15z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x7ddf2e854cf6e4e4?ved=2ahUKEwi5jbz6z_vgAhVBP48KHWSEAmMQ_BIwFXoECAEQCA) so you don't get lost.

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**CSS code splitting** by **Tan Li Hau**  
The motivation of CSS splitting arises when we try to split our CSS styles and lazily load the styles only when we actually need them. CSS code splitting is one of our many efforts where we constantly improve the performance of the application. Li Hau will present how his team came to realisation of the issue, some of the decisions they made, and a couple of problems they encountered.

More speakers TBC. We hope it's you! ヾ(＾ᴗ＾)ノ 

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.

Lightning talks welcome, just poke Hui Jing when you get there. We welcome any CSS-related topics at ANY level because we’re all here to learn and share :)

We have a [code of conduct](code-of-conduct) to ensure that all participants at Talk.CSS have safe and harassment-free  experience, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form.