---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #44"
date: 2019-09-04 19:00:00 +0800
location: GovTech Hive
event-date: 2019-10-02 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
meetup: 44
event-id: 261692440
novideos: true
---
Wah, chio sia...October venue was confirmed in August. We have come a long way from changing venue 1 day beforehand. So hopefully more than 6 of you show up this time. This time we get to visit [GovTech Hive](https://www.tech.gov.sg/)! Here's [a map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/GovTech+Hive/@1.2998708,103.7893391,15z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x2202a995a6abc728?sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwif4-alwbfkAhUDAGMBHY2QBwwQ_BIwE3oECA0QCA) so you don't get lost.

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**Sass techniques** by **Caleb Yang**  
Caleb has never used Sass before and will be sharing his learning journey and perspective on Sass as he tries to integrate it into his web development workflow.

**Something about variable fonts** by **Ian Chen**  
Ian is still getting around to submitting his information, because he actually kena arrow by Alwyn to do this. Regardless of how you got here, we love you muchly for speaking regardless. Stay tuned for updates.

**You mean you don't resize your browser 1000 times a day?** by **Chen Hui Jing**  
This title is only tangentially related to the talk. Basically it's about the new sizing options we have for doing layout that offer a lot more flexibility than percentages alone. Dial-in talk, burn some joss sticks to ward off technical complications, thanks.

More speakers TBC maybe. Feel free to volunteer yourself <span class="o-kaomoji">ヾ(＾ᴗ＾)ノ</span>

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.
