---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #43"
date: 2019-08-07 19:00:00 +0800
location: HOOQ
event-date: 2019-09-04 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
meetup: 43
event-id: 261692436
novideos: true
---
If this was a temperate country, September would be like the start of Autumn, when leaves change colour and the weather turns cool. Unfortunately, we are in a tropical region, where trees are either green or dead. But regardless of the weather, we must have our monthly dose of CSS.

We're going back to HOOQ! Here's [a map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/1%C2%B017'56.3%22N+103%C2%B050'20.3%22E/@1.298959,103.83897,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d1.298959!4d103.83897) so you don't get lost. If you check our meetup.com page from the last time we were there, there are [guiding photos]((https://www.meetup.com/SingaporeCSS/photos/29690784/)) as well.

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**Sometimes you gotta abuse Grid** by **Sheldon Cheng**  
Sheldon ran into tricky layout problem at work and after exhausting other options, turned to an unlikely hero to save the day.

**An exploration of CJSS - A CSS based web framework** by **See Yishu**  
What started out as an extended joke, Scott Kellum created a framework where everything can be written in CSS. We will explore the codebase that he has open sourced, and a retrospective look into web frameworks.

More speakers TBC. We hope it's you! <span class="o-kaomoji">ヾ(＾ᴗ＾)ノ</span>

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.
