---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #46"
date: 2019-12-10 19:00:00 +0800
location: Microsoft Singapore
event-date: 2020-01-08 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
meetup: 46
event-id: 263998426
novideos: true
---
What are the odds that the first Wednesday of January falls on New Year's Day? So that's why we are on 8 January, because even without special days or clashing with ReactJS, you all already don't come liao. It's time to come out of CSS hibernation for a new year of CSS!

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**Why and for whom UX (really) matters** by **Sathish Kumar Thiyagarajan**  
When it comes to UX, at one side, we see companies that think UX matters a lot. On the other side,there are also companies that think, does it matter at all? Sathish will share his views on this polarising issue.

**Text on Images - a Saga** by **Murray Bourne**  
Murray is going to tell us how to convince developers (and their bosses) to choose better alternatives to poster-style advertising mails.

**Web design across different cultures** by **Ryan Chong**  
Websites are designed differently across different cultures. In this talk, Ryan shares about the things that make them different as well as the reasons behind the differences.

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.
