---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #52"
date: 2020-06-03 19:00:00 +0800
location: The Interwebs
event-date: 2020-07-01 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
meetup: 52
event-id: 271056583
novideos: true
---
We lub maths here at SingaporeCSS. And we're not just saying that, just look through our videographic evidence of CSS math talks past. Anyway, this time we want you all to channel your inner Pierre Bézier <span class="o-kaomoji">(๑•̀ㅂ•́)و✧</span>

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**The Obscurities of Bézier Curves Explained to My Computer Engineer Friends** by **Gao Wei**  
Bézier Curves are one of the most fundamental computer graphics tools. They even grant their presence in CSS easing functions. Why some magic numbers can define curves? How to break a Bézier curve into smaller curves without computing more numbers? How to join two curves?
Gao Wei is here to shed some light on the computing (algebraic) and intuitive (geometric) connections here, which are the most amazing aspects of the marriage between math and computing.

More speakers TBC. We hope it's you! <span class="o-kaomoji">ヾ(＾ᴗ＾)ノ</span>

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.

Lightning talks welcome, just poke Hui Jing or Wei when you get there. We welcome any CSS-related topics at ANY level because we’re all here to learn and share :)
