---
layout: post
title: "Talk.CSS #54"
date: 2020-08-06 19:00:00 +0800
location: The Interwebs
event-date: 2020-09-02 19:00:00 +0800
categories: meetup
meetup: 54
event-id: 272753769
novideos: true
---
As we are heading into the last month of Q3, seems like folks are getting tired of meetups. Or maybe you all are just tired of CSS. We are very tired too <span class="o-emoji" role="img" tabindex="0" aria-label="weary face">&#x1F629;</span>, but there's still have some tiny gas left in our tank, so join us if you feel like it on the first Wednesday of September.

**Latest CSS news** by **Talk.CSS**  
Our no-longer-new regular segment which will cover latest updates in the realm of CSS and HTML.

**Third party CSS is not safe** by **Tan Lihau**  
Have you read [Jake Archibald](https://twitter.com/jaffathecake)'s article on how [Third party CSS is not safe](https://jakearchibald.com/2018/third-party-css-is-not-safe/)? Maybe words aren't your thing. Lihau will try to show you live examples of what's in the article.

**How Studying History Of Arts Helped Me Become A Better Frontend Designer** by **Nils Binder**  
You may think, art history and frontend development do not have much in common. Well, you may be surprised. Some of the problems we have to deal with today were discussed in art history long before the invention of the Internet. Also, the skills needed to analyze a piece of art correctly show significant similarity to the capabilities required to implement modern layouts with CSS. This talk will show you how to analyze a static layout by looking beyond pixels. Instead, you will understand why a given design works the way it does and translate this to modern CSS.

**The CSS doctor is in (our segment that never gets utilised)**  
Layouts looking a bit broken? CSS issues getting you down? We're here to help. Tell us your CSS problem and get a crowd-sourced solution from all the CSS enthusiasts in Singapore right here.

Lightning talks welcome, just poke Hui Jing or Wei when you get there. We welcome any CSS-related topics at ANY level because we’re all here to learn and share :)

